(WIP) De-emphasise conda (#1)
zmbc/splink: docs/dev_guides/changing_splink/development_quickstart.md

This page provides step-by-step instructions for getting set up to develop Splink.
Once you have followed these instructions, you should be all set to start making changes.

> ## Step 0: Unix-like operating system

Reviewer: Curious on the thinking behind this -- putting this at the same level as the title seems strange. Perhaps the title should be an h1?

Author: I was fiddling with the visual formatting to try and make it as clear as possible that there are two different options.   As you go down the header levels, the 'break'/split between headers becomes less and less pronounced

I've just looked, and it seems that the H1 level element comes from `mkdocs.yml`, specifically the H1 level [Development Quickstart](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/splink/blob/afdd9acd8540f271ed3180679761d1a7a7f9fdc9/mkdocs.yml#L239) text in the `yml` turns into the H1 element.  

(As a second example, see e.g. [Building docs](https://moj-analytical-services.github.io/splink/dev_guides/changing_splink/build_docs_locally.html?h=building) vs [Building docs locally](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/splink/blob/afdd9acd8540f271ed3180679761d1a7a7f9fdc9/docs/dev_guides/changing_splink/build_docs_locally.md#L1) and the rendered version [here](https://moj-analytical-services.github.io/splink/dev_guides/changing_splink/build_docs_locally.html?h=building)

![image](https://github.com/zmbc/splink/assets/2608005/d194fd24-8ffb-4410-9987-5a2c070e43e7)

I don't feel strongly about any of this but it means we can probably drop the `## Development quickstart` at the top of this guide because it's repeated
![image](https://github.com/zmbc/splink/assets/2608005/576ac80b-ce15-4067-b9e5-9f73eed6982f).  

Feel free to choose whatever you prefer!

(I don't think we've understood/been consistent about this before, I've only just looked into it now)

- Open PowerShell as Administrator: Right-click the Start button, select “Windows Terminal (Admin)”, and ensure PowerShell is the selected shell.
- Run the command `wsl --install`.
- You can find more guidance on setting up WSL [on the Microsoft website](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install)
  but you don't _need_ to do anything additional.
- Open the Windows Terminal again (does not need to be Admin) and select the Ubuntu shell.
  Follow the rest of these instructions in that shell.

## Step 1: Clone Splink

If you haven't already, make a [fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) of the Splink repository.
Clone **your fork** to whatever directory you want to work in with `git clone https://github.com/<YOUR_USERNAME>/splink.git`.

## Step 2: Choose how to install system dependencies

Developing Splink requires Python, as well as Poetry (the package manager we use to install Python package dependencies).

> Testing locally on the Spark, Athena, or PostgreSQL backends requires additional dependencies.

Reviewer: This isn't quite accurate to how I was using the word "locally." It does _not_ require any additional dependencies to test on PostgreSQL, for instance, if you run the Postgres server on a different machine.

My intention was that you can run the Spark and PostgreSQL tests completely locally (i.e., without having anything set up previously), but the Athena tests _require_ an AWS account to be set up. I think I'd prefer to reword this to make it more explicit:

```suggestion
Running Spark or PostgreSQL on your computer to test those backends requires additional dependencies.
Athena only runs in the AWS cloud, so to locally run the tests for that backend you will need to create an AWS account and
configure Splink to use it.
```

There are two ways to install these system dependencies: globally on your computer, or in an isolated conda environment.

These can be managed by either:

1. Installing them manually, or

> 2. Using a `conda` environment

Reviewer: I think this section can be removed -- the manual vs automatic distinction is only relevant for conda, and is addressed below in the conda section.

Author: Agreed!

Reviewer: I don't have write access to this PR, so will make this change in mine.

The decision of which approach to take is subjective.

> Some developers will already be using Spark and will already have `poetry` installed, but are not familiar with `conda`. For these users, there's probably little advantage to using `conda`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have Python and Poetry installed (plus Java and PostgreSQL if you want to run the
Spark and PostgreSQL backends locally), there is probably little advantage to using `conda`.
```

I found the Spark part of this a little unclear. I also prefer the 2nd person here.
